c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\BoardCGame.exe.config
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\BoardCGame.exe
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\BoardCGame.pdb
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\obj\Debug\BoardCGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\obj\Debug\BoardCGame.exe
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\obj\Debug\BoardCGame.pdb
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\barrel.png
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\BoardCGame.Entity.dll
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\BoardCGame.Entity.pdb
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\lowPolyTree.png
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\box.png
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\path.png
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\BoardCGame.Util.dll
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\BoardCGame.Util.pdb
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\tileset.png
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\Board1.tmx
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\teste.tmx
c:\users\davin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\TiledSharp.dll
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\BoardGame.tmx
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\player1walkingRight.png
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\player1walkingRight2.png
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\spriteteste.tmx
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\Shockbolt_64x64_01.png
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\spritetestev2.tmx
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\spritetestev3.tmx
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\ICONS_COMPLETE_1024x9.png
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\MapaJogo.tmx
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\dice_texture.png
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\1.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\2.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\3.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\4.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\5.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\6.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\1.2.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\2.2.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\3.2.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\4.2.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\5.2.PNG
C:\Users\davin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BoardCGame\BoardCGame\bin\Debug\Content\6.2.PNG
